Hello.
My name's Alan and I'm the creator of this course Excel Essentials.
Visual basics for applications programming.
Now,
you may be wondering,
why should I learn to code or when you can code in V.
B A.
You take complete control of the full power of excel,
and with that,
you're gonna be able to automate all of your routine tasks on work up to 2000 times fast at
there's a demo in the course.
Okay,
so what will you be able to do by the end of this course?
Will,
by the end of this course,
you'll be able to build your own powerful solutions from scratch.
And who knows?
You may even be able to earn some more money.
So who's this course for?
Well,
anyone who's already completed levels one in two of this series or anyone who already has a
solid understanding of excel on what are you gonna need to get started?
What are you gonna need?
Three things you're gonna need a PC.
A copy of Microsoft Excel Visual basic for applications is already built in there on a
willingness to learn.
So what are you going to get inside this course where you gonna get absolutely everything
you need.
There are over eight hours of lectures.
There are downloadable resource is there are quizzes,
their programming projects and you also get access to me.
So if you have any questions,
just reach out and I'll be happy to help.
OK,
So in the course you're gonna learn how to fully automate all of your regular excel tasks.
You're gonna automate all of your report,
and and you're also gonna learn how to grab data from the Internet and use it in your
spreadsheets automatically.
You may be wondering,
Is there anything else while there is,
There are also three bonus sections.
How about learning how to control outlook from excel or controlling word from excel,
or even controlling Windows itself from excel?
Okay,
so take a look at the course description on.
I'll see you in the course.
Thanks very much.